Project File for Terminal Exercise in Unit 3.4 (Command Commands for Windows and Mac)

Questions
Part I
1.	make a directory called first
2.	change directory to the first folder
3.	create a file called person.txt
4.	change the name of person.txt to another.txt
5.	make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
6.	remove the copy.txt file
7.	make a copy of the first folder and call it second
8.	delete the second folder
Part II
1.	What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
2.	Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
3.	How do you jump between words in the terminal?
4.	How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
5.	How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
6.	How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
7.	What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
8.	What is an absolute path?
9.	What is an relative path?
10.	What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
11.	What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

Answers
Part I
1. mkdir first 
2. cd first
3. touch person.txt
4. mc person.txt another.txt
5. cp another.txt copy.txt
6. rm copy.txt
7. cp first second
8. rmdir second

Part II
1. The man command gives the manual on any given command. It provides detail information on the function and flags. Pressing enter will scroll. To get out, you press q for quit.  
2. The -l flag displays detailed information. The -a flag displays all files; it doesn’t ignore hidden files. 
3.  Option/Alt + left/right
4. Command/Control + e
5. Command/Control + a
6. Command/Control + w
7. A terminal is an application that gives a command line interface to interact with the computer. A shell is the program that processes the commands and provides output. 
8. An absolute path is the path that provides the location of the file or folder, starting from the root directory.
9. A relative path is the path that provides the location of the file or folder, starting from the current working directory.
10. A flag modifies the function of a command in terminal. Three examples would be -a, the -l and the -x flags for the ls command. The a flag shows all files, the l flag gives detailed information and the x flag displays entries in rows instead of columns.
11. The -r flag is for recursively removing directories and their contents. The -f flag is force, ignoring nonexistent files and arguments without prompting. Together, they will completely remove a directory and its contents completely and without further confirmation.


